The emulated processors are implemented in Scheme, and so to deal with chunk
data, the backing mmap'ed file memory must be copied to/from Scheme data
structures.  This happens to also emulate the real SMS in that chunks are copied
to/from processors.  So, there is the opportunity to emulate the processor-local
caching of the real design - by having a cache of chunks copied from the mmap'ed
file memory.

I want to minimize the amount of lower-level mechanisms of the real design that
are emulated, because I'm interested in exploring the higher-level semantics.
So, I think the emulator's chunk IDs will be simply offsets into the mmap'ed
file, because, unlike the real design, I think it's unnecessary to separate
chunk IDs from storage locations.  This eliminates the complexities of having in
the emulated SMS the mechanisms for associating chunk IDs with locations.  From
the programmer's point of view, the semantics should still be the same as if
chunk IDs were separated, because that view doesn't expose anything where it
makes a difference (I think).

The emulated processor will be a forked Ikarus process.  It will have a cache
(private, because forked processors won't shared memory) of chunks, implemented
in Scheme.  And it will have an "association unit" that is an associative array
mapping chunk IDs to their locations in the cache.


How is chunk ID allocation done?  Does allocating an ID also make that ID's
ref-count equal 1 - yes.

How is reference counting and GC done - messages to the SMS.  Also, when a count
reaches zero, all the referenced chunks must have their counts decremented, and
so on recursively.

How and where to store the various auxiliary metadata about chunks?  Maybe in
the mmap'ed file itself, following each chunk.  I.e. the format of the file is
staggered like: chunk1-fields chunk1-meta chunk2-fields chunk2-meta ... .  This
is different than the real FB design, but not noticeable semantically (I think).
The metadata will have the same size as a chunk, for offset calculation
convenience and to play nicely with the host-CPU cache lines.

What is in a chunk metadata?
- Flags for each field that indicate the type of value.
- Reference count.
- Pointer to next free chunk, if reference count is zero.

To keep sparse storage files sparse, it must not be necessary for the "next
free" fields of free chunks to have a non-zero value.  So, if a free chunk
(refcount zero) has a "next free" field value of zero, that means the next free
chunk is the one that follows.  I think this requires checking each time a "next
free" field is zero that the end of the storage space is not exceeded - this is
the only way to know if there are more free chunks or not.

There must be a "free list" pointer stored in the storage file, to know and
update the list of free chunks.  I think this should be in a meta block at the
head of the storage file.  (Other special data could be kept in this meta block
as well, such as handles/descriptors of peripheral devices.)  Initially, The
free list pointer will move sequentially down the chunks in the file (because
those chunks' "next free" fields are zero), but the first freed chunk's "next
free" will become what the free list pointer was and then the free list pointer
will point to the freed chunk.  Thus, the sparseness of the file will be
preserved as much as possible.




Message types to SMS:

- processor <mq-name:string> : Informs the SMS of a processor and the name of
  the message queue to reply to it.  Replies with "processor-ID" message to that
  message queue.

- allocate <count> <pid> : Get multiple free chunk IDs, as many as the given
  count.  Replies with "chunk-IDs" message to the message queue associated with
  the given processor ID.  Each allocated chunk has its reference count set to
  1.

- increment <cid> ...  : Increment the reference count of each given chunk.

- decrement <cid> ...  : Decrement the reference count of each given chunk.
  Free any chunks whose reference count reaches zero, and decrement the
  reference counts of any chunks referenced by those now-free chunks (and so on
  recursively).

(Messages for reading/loading and writing/storing chunks are not necessary,
unlike the real FB design, because the emulator design allows processor
processes to directly access the mmap'ed storage file via address space.  This
is safe because of the single-assignment and immutability of chunks, including
for the metadata that must be updated (right?).)


Message types from the SMS:

- processor-ID <pid> : Informs a processor of the ID number the SMS assigned it.
  This ID number must be included in "allocate" messages from the processor to
  the SMS, so the SMS knows who to respond to.

- chunk-IDs <cid> ... : chunk IDs newly allocated to a processor.
